that's very easy so I would say to
little Tom you need to understand that
the whole point is growth your talent
and intelligence are not fixed they're
malleable so you suck at skateboarding
because you're afraid of pain so the
only thing you need to know right now
the point is not to avoid the pain and
you need to stop asking yourself what's
the least you can do to get good and you
need to start asking yourself what's the
most you can bear to become great once
you understand the whole point is to let
the suffering and the pain Harden you
into becoming the version of yourself
that you need to become in order to
execute at the highest level to be world
class at anything and stop avoiding it
stop being afraid of it and start
understanding for what it really is
which is the thing that shapes you so my
entire youth I feared pain I moved away
from pain if something was emotionally
or physically difficult I avoided it and
I remember being in the gym one day and
going [__] will you stop asking
like what's the least you need to do to
consider it a full we workout because it
was like could I stop now could I stop
now could I stop now and I was like do
you want the muscles or do you want to
like put on a show that you showed up
like you showed up right like cuz the
muscles demand what the muscles demand
like you have to break them down you
have to push you have to do more like so
it is purely a question of how much
you're willing to Bear because there's
never going to be enough you could have
always done
more